[WHOOSHING]
[ETHEREAL MUSIC]
>> Welcome to this angelic
protection guided meditation
where you will connect with
the powerful and healing energy
of angels.
Forming a connection
with angels can
produce many positive
changes in your life.
Connecting with your angels
will change your vibration
and thus change the
world around you
to reflect your
spiritual growth.
First, let's relax
in preparation
for this visualization.
Find a quiet place where you
can be free from distractions.
You can be sitting
or laying down.
Take a deep breath in.
Fill your lungs and
exhale through your mouth.
Anchor your attention
to the breath,
feeling the breath fill your
tummy and relax in the exhale.
Breathe in and breathe
out as you feel present
with your breath.
If you have any thoughts
that are arising,
let them go like passing clouds
in the sky or birds flying
across the sky.
Watch them float or fly
away into the distance.
Now bring your
awareness to your feet.
Allow a warm and calming feeling
to enter through your toes
and then envelop
your whole foot,
feeling nice and comfortable.
You feel this warm
and relaxing energy
move up into your ankles,
shins, knees, and thighs,
releasing all tension and
relaxing all the muscles.
Allow this warm feeling to
enter your buttocks, hips,
and pelvic area, feeling
peaceful and at ease.
This warm feeling now enters
your lower back and abdomen.
You feel all of your muscles
releasing any tension stored.
The nice and warm
energy floods your back
all the way up to your
shoulders, where it then
flows down into your arms,
elbows, wrists, and fingers.
You feel this wave of relaxation
flowing into your chest,
and you feel absolutely relaxed.
This warm feeling now
travels up your neck muscles
and into your whole face.
Your eyes begin to
feel so relaxed.
Your temples
release any tension.
And the warm feeling
begins to enter your head,
and you feel your entire
body tingling and vibrating
from this warm energy.
You feel cleansed and refreshed,
replenished and rejuvenated,
relaxed and at peace.
Your guardian angel knows
your true heart's desire
and wants nothing more than
to keep you safe right now.
All you have to do is ask.
Your angel understands
that you have free will.
But as soon as you start the
dialogue and ask for help,
they will be more than
happy to assist you.
I would like you to tune
into your heart space.
Imagine a golden sphere of light
at the center of your chest.
This is the sphere in which
you will set your intention,
where you will
open up the dialog
with your guardian angel,
archangels or spirit guides.
Take a moment to
ask for protection
while feeling the soothing
energy from this golden sphere
of light.
You may call upon
Archangel Michael
to protect your home
every night and every day.
He can cut all
the negative cords
from your body and your
home with his divine sword.
You can call upon Michael to
give you courage and strength.
You can also summon Archangel
Gabriel, who is the messenger
angel and will help guide you
to speak from a place of love.
If you feel like you want
some extra healing energy,
you can call upon
Archangel Rafael.
Archangel Sandalphon
is said to be
the twin of Archangel
Metatron, who
delivers the prayers from
Earth to the divine universe.
You can count on
this angel to deliver
your prayers to the
source, God, the universe.
Take a moment and feel into what
is best for you at the moment.
The sphere now begins to
slowly grow and expand.
It is now covering
your whole entire room,
flooding everything
with a golden glow.
Now it is covering
your whole house,
extending to your
yard, fences, your car.
Your entire property
or space is now
within this protective
golden sphere.
Now that you are in this
massive golden sphere,
I would like you to
remember a moment when
you felt truly happy and
safe, something positive
that fills you up with warm
emotions, a moment of joy.
Let the feeling radiate
from your heart space
and ripple out
throughout your sphere.
Let the energy fill
your entire house.
This feeling or memory
is a powerful shield
against any negativity.
Now visualize your
guardian angel or archangel
flying around your house,
cleansing and reinforcing
your protective
boundaries, sending you
divine blessings
from the source,
smiling lovingly, knowing that
you and everyone or everything
in your space is
completely safe and sound
under the ultimate divine
protection from these loving
and heavenly beings.
I'm going to Count from 10
to one, and when I reach one,
you will begin to feel
even more protected
and at peace within the sphere.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
You are now feeling light and
relaxed, enjoying the journey.
You are feeling
peaceful and calm,
knowing that this is
for your highest good.
You are allowing your
mind to trust and relax.
You are ready to
enjoy this connection.
You are now completely at peace.
You feel strong and loving.
You feel supported
and protected.
And you can rest at
ease that everything is
taken care of by your angels.
You feel unconditional
love spreading
through every fiber
of your being,
and you can sense how
your whole life has
shifted in this one moment.
Your spirit is basking in
the joy of your realization.
You feel guided and safe.
The whole place seems to
be glowing all around.
And now I will leave you
with these affirmations
to strengthen the bond
between your angelic beings.
I am surrounded by angels.
I open my mind to the
protection of angels.
I communicate from the heart and
join with the angelic forces.
My guardian angel
fills me with love.
Today, I choose
to be fully aware
of the presence of my angels.
I am being guided
by angelic beings.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in love.
I have total faith in my angels.
I accept the love and protection
from my guardian angels.
I allow the archangels
to guard my home.
I listen to my inner
voice and feelings.
I know that the angels
are all around me,
guiding me right now.
I invite angels into my life.
I allow the angels
to help me today.
I choose the guidance
and protection
of my guardian angel,
archangels, or spirit guides.
I am blessed.
I am grateful.
I am protected.
I am taken care of.
I am guided.
I am love.
I am surrounded by angels.
I open my mind to the
protection of angels.
I communicate from the heart and
join with the angelic forces.
My guardian angel
fills me with love.
Today, I choose
to be fully aware
of the presence of my angels.
I am being guided
by angelic beings.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in love.
I have total faith in my angels.
I accept the love and protection
from my guardian angels.
I allow the archangels
to guard my home.
I listen to my inner
voice and feelings.
I know that the angels
are all around me,
guiding me right now.
I invite angels into my life.
I allow the angels
to help me today.
I choose the guidance
and protection
of my guardian angel,
archangels, or spirit guides.
I am blessed.
I am grateful.
I am protected.
I am taken care of.
I am guided.
I am love.
[ETHEREAL MUSIC]